Moved medadata to extensions (#14)
afrind/draft-cenzano-media-interop: draft-cenzano-moq-media-interop.md

--- abstract

This protocol can be used to send and receive video and audio over LOC[loc], that uses Media over

> QUIC Transport [MOQT] .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This protocol can be used to send and receive video and audio over Media over
QUIC Transport [MOQT], using LOC[loc] packaging.
```

--- middle

# Introduction

This protocol specifies a simple mechanism for sending media (video and audio)
over LOC[loc] for both live-streaming and video conference (VC) style use cases.

> We allow to update encding parameters in the middle of the the track (ex: frame

Reviewer: ```suggestion
moq-mi allows updating encoding parameters in the middle of a track (ex: frame
```

rate, resolution, codec, etc)

> The protocol refers to [loc] to define specific media wire format.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The protocol refers to [loc] to define the specific media wire format.
```

namespace as part of the same synchronization group (timestamps aligned to the
same timeline).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

TODO: Datagram forwarding preference could be used, but has problems if audio
frame does not fit in a single UDP payload.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

PTS = 11, timebase = 30

PTS(s) = 11/30 = 0.366666s

## Object Format

> We are reliying on MOQT extension headers to provide metadata that identifies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MoQ-MI uses MOQT extension headers to provide metadata that identifies
```

  0x1E (Header value: Timebase)(i)
  0x01 (Header value: Duration)(i)
  0xC0, 0x00, 0x01, 0x95, 0x45, 0x6C, 0x3B, 0xE0 (Header value: Wallclock)(i)

  Object Payload Length (i),
  Object Payload bytes (..),
}
~~~

### MOQT Object DATAGRAM fields in case it carries Audio AAC-LC in MPEG4

~~~
{
  0x00 (Track Alias)(i),
  0x00 (Group ID)(i),
  0x00 (Object ID)(i),
  0x00 (Publisher Priority)(8),
  0x02 (Extension Count)(i),
  0x0A (Header type: Media type header type)(i)
  0x03 (header value: Media type)(i)

  0x13 (Header type: Audio AAC-LC in MPEG4)(i)
  0x11 (Header value length)(i)
  0x00 (Header value: Seq ID)(i)
  0x00 (Header value: PTS Timestamp)(i)
  0x80, 0x00, 0xBB, 0x80 (Header value: Sample freq)(i)
  0x02 (Header value: Num channels)(i)
  0x44, 0x00 (Header value: Duration)(i)
  0xC0, 0x00, 0x01, 0x95, 0x45, 0x6C, 0x3B, 0xE0 (Header value: Wallclock)(i)

  Object Payload Length (i),
  Object Payload bytes (..),
}
~~~

# Payloads

TODO: This sections needs to be updated with links to LOC

## For object header media type = Video H264 in AVCC (0x00)

Payload MUST be H264 with bitstream AVC1 format as described in [ISO14496-15:2019] section 5.3.

> Using 4bytes size field length.

Reviewer: Should 4bytes be '4 bytes' ?
